When we graphical represent the data, some of the data have irregularity. 
To indicate these irregularities or uncertainties we use Error Bars:

Basically, error bars are used to represent errors in the graphical plot.

While not strictly a chart, error bars serve as a graphical enhancement to visualize variability in plotted data on a Cartesian chart.
Error bars can be applied to charts such as scatter, scatter, bar, or line charts to provide additional detail about the data displayed.
Error bars help to show the error or uncertainty of an estimate to give a general idea of ​​how accurate a measurement is. 
This is done by using markers drawn on the original chart and its data points. 
Typically, error bars are used to show the standard deviation, standard error, confidence interval, or minimum and maximum values ​​in a range dataset.

To visualize this information, error bars work by drawing capped lines extending from the center of the plotted data points (or the edge of the bar). 
The length of the error bars helps to show the uncertainty of the data points: short error bars indicate that the values ​​are concentrated,
indicating that the presented mean is more likely, while long error bars indicate that the values ​​are more scattered and less reliable.
Depending on the data type, the length of each pair of error bars tends to be the same on both sides. However, if the data is skewed, 
then the lengths of each side will be unbalanced. Error bars are always parallel to the quantitative scale axis, so they can be displayed vertically or horizontally,
depending on whether the quantitative scale is on the Y-axis or the X-axis. If you have two quantitative scales, you can use two pairs of error bars for both axes.


Matplotlib line and bar charts can contain error bars. 
Error bars are useful to problem solvers because they represent the confidence or accuracy of a series of measurements or calculations.
 A bar graph without error bars gives the impression that the measured or calculated value is known to be of high accuracy or reliability.